SecureDrop 2.11.0~rc2 (#7383)
freedomofpress/securedrop: changelog.md

# Changelog

## 2.11.0~rc2

> * Address feedback on source strings (#7370)
> * Improve noble migration check script output (#7369)
> * Run securedrop-remove-packages hourly instead of daily (#7377)
> * Allow apache2 to read /etc/securedrop-noble-migration.json in apparmor (#7378)

Reviewer: Fine for an RC changelog; I suggest clarifying for the final release, but take what's useful and leave the rest:

```suggestion
* Address translators' feedback on UI strings (#7370)
* Improve output of Ubuntu Noble pre-migration check script (#7369)
* Run `securedrop-remove-packages` hourly instead of daily (#7377)
* Allow `apache2` to read `/etc/securedrop-noble-migration.json` under AppArmor (#7378)
* Remove stray Ubuntu file `/etc/apt/apt.conf.d/zzzz-temp-installer-unattended-upgrade` if it exists (#7380)
```

Author: Thanks, squashed your changes in.

# Changelog

## 2.11.0~rc2

* Address translators' feedback on UI strings (#7370)
* Improve output of Ubuntu Noble pre-migration check script (#7369)

> * Run `securedrop-remove-packages` hourly instead of daily (#7377)

Reviewer 2: When we have follow-up PRs in RCs to a new feature I tend to prefer rolling them up into one entry. For example, if we find a bug fixed in PR P2 in a new feature PR P1 in RC1, I'd just put them as "* new feature! (P1, P2)". This is partly for brevity but also to make it clear that the bugfix in P2 is not a production fix. It's good as is, but I'd likely do said rollup for the prod changelog unless there are objections.

Author: Yep; I thought we'd do rollup at prod changelog time.
